Fix for ESP8266 sample (#1536)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: sdk/samples/iot/docs/how_to_iot_hub_esp8266_nodemcu.md

5. Create a sketch on Arduino IDE for the IoT Hub telemetry sample.

>     - Clone the [Azure SDK for Embedded C](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c) repository locally and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Clone the [Azure SDK for Embedded C](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c) repository locally
```

    - Generate the `ca.h` header (in the ESP8266 sample folder!) with the public root CA for server certificate validation

>       - Navigate to the ESP8266 sample in your local clone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Navigate to the ESP8266 sample in your local cloned repo
```

        ```bash
        cd <cloned repo root>/sdk/samples/iot/aziot_esp8266
        ```

      - Run the script to generate the `ca.h` header

> 

Reviewer 2: Nit: Add a '.' to the end of instruction sentences.

Author: Fixed.
